hey everyone Sofia here and I'm joined
by two very special guests today I have
Arnie Roth conductor for distant world's
music from Final Fantasy and of course
Nobuo Uematsu composer of the Final
Fantasy series thank you guys so much
for joining us
oh thank you for having us so distant
world's music from Final Fantasy's is
concert series now can you tell us more
about it for those who actually I've
never heard of it before just in worlds
is now completing its third year we have
been literally all over the world places
as far away as Seoul Korea Singapore
Taiwan Stockholm and all through North
America Wow but the the original purpose
of this tour was to be able to bring the
Final Fantasy music out to the world's
great orchestras and concert halls and
cities and so in that regard we're still
quite quite in the middle of that
question so even though we finished
three years we we have many more
concerts that are in the planning stages
right now going forward into 20 you know
eleven twenty twelve dates are being
talked about and again all over the
globe and some some territories that we
haven't hit yet which will be very
exciting for instance South America Wow
many other locations in Asia many other
locations in Europe so it's going to be
an exciting couple of years so how did
you guys get started like how did this
idea come about and how did you guys get
collaborated I start the collaboration I
have done many concert of the Final
Fantasy already in Japan when thinking
about doing the concert outside Japan
conductor is very important for me to
realize what what I want to do about our
new son he was not just
classic music conductor but also
understanding what rock music is and
other genres for the music he always
understand what I want to do for the
concert so we're doing very we're having
fun doing the distant with concert so
what is your most memorable moment you
guys have been all over the world so
what stands out for you too many
difficulties we've done quite a few I
mean in fact I think we're up to by the
end of this year 32 or 34 concerts or
something like that over these three
years and there are so many wonderful
highlights I mean it's hard to pick one
very difficult to pick one so what do
you enjoy most about the concerts or
doing this well I must say that a big
part of of the concerts of really the
the achievement of the concerts I feel
is as a as a conductor and writer Ranger
I get great pleasure being able to work
with the world's greatest orchestras and
frankly to bring these scores which many
times are at the very first time they're
being presented on these concert hall
stages is is absolutely a real blast for
me in terms of working with the world's
greatest orchestras I mean for instance
our two recordings that we've done just
singles one and two both were with the
Royal Stockholm Philharmonic which still
to this day dazzles being is one of the
very best ensembles and then you know we
get to follow that up with concerts here
with the San Francisco Symphony San
Diego Symphony Houston Symphony
nationalism me I mean this is if you are
if you if you call yourself up a
professional musician and you're
dedicated to your art there is no
greater place to be able to present
these yeah and with the best the world's
best musicians and it doesn't really get
any better than that what is their
reaction when they see the music in the
context because I'm sure a lot of them
probably don't have this chance they're
dropping you know I always find that
very interesting because I've read
little bits and pieces about some
negative reaction for other concert
events that I didn't work on that I
don't know about but the reality is that
every single concert that I've worked on
of and certainly any of the Final
Fantasy concerts I've never had any
negative reaction as matter of fact most
of the musicians you know are coming
back to us afterwards saying I can't
believe that audience and I can't
believe the reaction and I want the one
point that's important is us about our
enjoyment the energy coming back from
the audience at each of these concerts
to ask as you do an interview with any
of the orchestra members afterwards is
absolutely amazing
you know I mean it is the the great
combination of huge enthusiasm loving
the scores the particular scores that
we're presenting they might cheer for
one or another score and then very
attentive during the perform
until the last court and then exploding
again and really for the orchestra's I
don't think people realize that that
energy actually builds the performance
for us all right so anything else I'd
like to add lots of exciting things
coming up and there's there's big
announcements coming up in July in
August and we're certainly working on
all of these international locations
soon announcements about Sydney London
Singapore
lots of people out there should pay
attention and a lot of North American
dates as well coming in and we're
working very hard on South American as
well and we hope that a lot of this
comes in for a lot of them are really
coming up there just imminent
announcements so I promise that's nice
to come all right great well thank you
both so much for joining us today thank
you and for more information be sure to
go to their website it's SF distant
worlds comm for more information on tour
dates and any kind of album releases so
be sure to check that out now on with
the rest of our show